Anastasia?
Stop.
Cuff yourself to the bedpost.
Don't bother.
You look good. Healthy.
Pale, though.
I think maybe you live on the East Coast.
For years I've been
thinking, "Where is she?
Is she close or half the world away?
Is she still nervous when it thunders?
Does she remember our walks
in Coney Island?
Getting borscht from Alexa's?"
They're all there, every last one.
And what do you want in exchange for this?
Just let me go.
He found you faster than I thought.
He did in one week
what I failed to do in 15 years.
True love, huh? Ha, ha.
Just take the diamonds
and consider me dead.
Or what?
You've only given me half of what I want.
I want him.
I can't do that.
If you could, you would be free.
Your word?
My word.
Now, how are you going to get away?
There's something else in the bag for you.
Clever girl.
Bye, Daddy.
- Say, champ. Say, champ.
- Champ!
- Banshee, PA! What's up, baby?
- Mr. Sanchez...
...what can you tell us
about this upcoming fight?
What can I tell you about...?
I can tell you'd better...
Benjamin, this fight will cement your
credibility with the Gaming Commission.
Give me another week, and I'll have us
cleared to break ground on the hotel.
I must admit I had my doubts, Kai,
but you pulled it off.
It's our casino.
We're putting up the purse.
- He was just the middleman.
- Alex, enough.
The champ is in the building, ladies and gentlemen.
The champ is in the building.
Mr. Sanchez, Kai Proctor.
- Welcome to Banshee.
- Glad to be here.
This is Benjamin Longshadow.
His tribe runs the Kinaho Moon.
- Chief.
- It's an honor to have you here.
Alex Longshadow. Hey.
Mr. Sanchez, if you would do us the honor, a
few shots with the casino in the background.
- Man, of... Come on, man, of course.
- Right this way.
Mr. Proctor, Douglas Dern,
Damien's manager.
- We spoke on the phone.
- We did. Pleasure to meet you.
You said the place was old.
You didn't say ancient.
The Kinaho feel
a powerful connection to their past.
In the case of the Kinaho Moon,
a little too powerful, in my opinion.
I would have preferred to have the new
casino built before we hosted Mr. Sanchez...
...but rest assured the money is real.
Yeah, it had better be.
He's gonna look worse soon, I promise.
Nice casino. Not bad.
Not bad at all.
There it is, baby.
That's where I do my thing.
This way, Mr. Sanchez.
You don't approve.
The hotel. The revenue
it will earn should be for our people.
- We shouldn't be including a man like Proctor.
- A man like that gets things done quickly.
We're building something that will
sustain our tribe for years to come.
When I go to the spirits,
I want to have seen the start of it all.
Are you sure you wouldn't prefer a hotel?
It's just a quick call.
- I can have you in the presidential suite.
- No, no, no.
My trailer goes wherever I go.
I don't like to be too pampered
before a fight.
Besides, there'll be plenty of time for that
after I put Hollister's noose up there.
As agreed.
Thank you.
I think I like this town.
We also made
some improvements on your bedroom.
I think you will be pleased.
Amazing Grace
How sweet...
Now I know I like this town.
That saved a wretch like me
I once was lost
But now am found
Was blind, but now I see
'Twas Grace that taught...
Senator, you have the department's
deepest sympathies.
- Mrs. Schumacher, I'm so, so sorry.
- Sorry for your loss.
Sorry, ma'am.
Sheriff Hood.
- Gordon.
Hi, Deva.
It's a pretty tough day for everyone.
Yep.
Say, why don't you join us
for dinner tonight?
Nothing fancy.
I'm just gonna grill out some burgers.
- Oh, honey, you know...
- That sounds great.
Thanks, Gordon.
Why don't we say about 6?
Sure. See you there.
- Good.
So how do you like your burger, sheriff?
Uh, medium rare, thanks.
- Can I see your gun?
- Yeah, sure.
No. Thank you.
You don't need to see his gun.
Hey, hon, why don't you, uh,
grab the sheriff another beer?
I'll get it, Mom.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
So, Deva, how are you doing?
I don't know.
I still can't believe it.
It takes some time.
- Deva, honey, would you go get...
- Yeah.
Hold on, Maxie.
Nice and deep, bubba.
You okay?
That's the way.
You good?
What's wrong with him?
It's been happening
since he was a toddler.
Is he...? Is he okay?
He has good days and bad days.
Huh.
Hey, Max, why don't you go ahead
and touch the gun, just for a second.
Yeah. Ha, ha.
You know, sheriff,
we never got a chance to thank you...
...for pulling Deva out of that mess
the other night.
Ah. So how did the arraignments go?
Well, all the men you arrested
identified this guy Hanson...
...but apparently he's long gone.
And either they don't know
or won't talk about...
...where the Skulls came from.
It's not that I can't guess.
Whores, gambling, drugs.
All crooked roads in Banshee
lead to one man, and that's Kai Proctor.
I'll get us some more drinks, eh?
Great.
- Alone at last.
- Shut up.
What happened?
Heavy bag workout.
Unh, not unless it was a bag of bones.
Ana...
...it's me.
Mm, no, you're different.
How?
You used to be kind.
You know...
...you get locked up...
...forgotten about for 15 years...
...see how kind you feel after that.
- Now, I know you're angry, but...
- Angry?
You have no fucking idea.
Hey, where are you going?
- Uh, I got a call. Thanks for the food.
Look, um, you wanna talk about it?
Drinking alone?
To keeping secrets.
Hey, um...
Rebecca.
I think you should go home.
No, you don't.
What, are you saving yourself for someone?
- Rebecca, we can't...
- Shut up.
Look, you told me to call
if she came back again.
Well, she's back.
Hi, Uncle Kai.
Don't you think you're getting a little
too old for this rebel streak of yours?
That's rich coming from you.
Whatever you may think,
my choices have cost me dearly.
Yeah. You're really hurting.
My mother lives just 10 miles
away from me.
I haven't seen or spoken to her
in over 20 years.
My father, when I run into him,
won't even fucking look at me.
My sister, your mother,
denies I even exist.
Yeah, well, that's why
they call it being shunned.
Show some respect!
I'm sorry, uncle.
You can't begin
to understand how alone I am.
I've lost count of the people I hurt
and still I hurt people every day.
You have no idea
what that does to you inside.
It's like a blade in your belly
that has gradually scraped you raw.
I'm not buying it, uncle.
You have everything
you've ever wanted.
You're free.
Why don't you just admit
that you like being bad?
Do you realize
no one else can talk to me like that?
You're the only person
who isn't scared of me.
The only one.
I'll drive you home.
I want to welcome
our Camp Genoa Marines...
...to view a private sparring session
with the champ.
All right, ladies and gentlemen...
...let me introduce a man
who needs no introduction.
Two-time cruiservveight
champion of the world...
...honorary referee for
this weekend's fight...
...Banshee's own Sugar Bates!
Now, a special gift for Mr. Sanchez...
...from our sponsors
at Stark-Himmel Timepieces:
A solid gold watch
with a one-of-a-kind diamond bezel...
...designed especially for the champ.
This is yours. Wear it well.
You got my invitation for the cocktail
party tomorrow and the fight on Saturday?
I did.
- Thank you, gentlemen.
Hey, listen, man, I wanna give
a semper fi to all my jarheads...
- ...from Banshee's Camp Genoa, all right?
Ooh-rah!
Seems like you're always
hosting something around here.
Y'all ready to see me whup some ass?
Yeah!
You just came in to see him train?
No. Actually, I came to see you.
You heard about the Schumacher boy
OD'ing, right?
Yeah, I did. It's terrible.
Proctor, you told me you had a talent
for resolving problems here in Banshee.
I was kind of hoping
you could help me with this one.
I found these in the dead boy's pocket.
The kids call them Skulls.
You ever seen pills like that before?
Are you asking me or accusing me?
Heh. Why, I'm asking you, Kai.
Just don't play games with me, sheriff.
I'm well aware of Mayor Kendall's agenda.
Oh, this has nothing to do
with Kendall.
The boy means well, but he's an idiot.
On that at least I'm sure we can agree.
So if you'll excuse me...
...I'm busy trying to bring
good things to Banshee.
Thanks for your time.
Oh!
- Asshole.
- What?
You gotta watch me.
If you blink, it's over.
He didn't have to hit him that hard.
They're just sparring.
Damn, I'm out of partners.
Here! Sarge will take you on!
Hey, hey, hey.
Ahem. 5-0.
Yeah, sheriff.
You want a shot at the title?
Huh? You can't throw a few punches?
Go easy on him.
I'd be scared of me too.
You're the champ!
The sheriff too smart.
He don't wanna step in the ring.
He don't want none of this.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hey. Can you come here?
Hey, hey. Hey, doll.
- How you doing? What's your name?
- Chloe.
Hey, uh, Chloe,
can you bring me a bottle of champagne?
Sure. I'll be right back.
No, doll.
Can you bring it to my trailer?
Say, tonight around 11?
- All right, Mr. Sanchez.
- All right, Chloe.
All right.
Come on in.
Hmm.
Must be 11.
They're all there.
Just take them and go.
You can start a new life somewhere.
You deserve that after everything
you've been through.
You think you can buy me off?
Huh?
You listen to me.
I'm not going anywhere.
So take your fucking diamonds
and get out.
You want a bump?
I never have.
I'll try.
Yeah, fuck me harder.
Heh. No, no, no, no.
No, doll, no. Not like that.
Like this.
You like it like that?
Fuck me harder!
Ah, you're hurting me.
No! Get off me!
- Stop it!
- Shut the fuck up!
- Fucking bitch!
- Ah!
Oh, my head!
We have combed the entire building,
reviewed all security footage.
She left absolutely nothing behind.
But she came.
She walked right into the lion's den.
He has become a threat to her.
He has been locked up for 15 years.
He's sick with love.
He is reckless.
And rusty.
He'll make a mistake.
He already did.
He scared her.
I thought this was your day off.
I don't have much of a social life.
Do you miss being home?
You don't really talk about it.
It must be hard coming to a new town
not knowing anyone.
I'm used to being alone.
I'll never get used to it.
Sheriff.
- Yeah.
You need to get over to the hospital.
Chloe, I'm so sorry
I have to ask these questions.
I'm almost done, okay?
So you and Mr. Sanchez,
being in bed together was consensual?
Until it got rough.
I did something wrong and he just...
Chloe, look at me.
You did nothing wrong, okay?
He kicked me and then he punched me.
I was crawling. I was trying to get
away, but he... He wouldn't let...
Then he took the champagne bottle...
Okay.
I'm gonna go, uh, talk to your nurse, okay?
Hey, hey, hey. We've got nothing.
Even the overflow lot is filled.
You're gonna wanna try down the way... Hey!
Found a spot.
Oh, crap.
Sheriff Hood.
I've heard about the girl.
How is she?
Well, she looks like she
was hit by a train.
I know this is a delicate situation, but
I'm going to ask you to arrest Sanchez...
...after the fight tomorrow night.
- What?
- Yeah, I know how it sounds...
...but Banshee needs this fight to happen.
Too many people and businesses
stand to lose if it doesn't.
- Are you out of your mind? That girl...
- Hey, deputy, give us a minute.
- You're gonna discuss this...
- Hey.
- You saw what he did to that girl.
- Calm down right now.
Are you just another one
of Proctor's yes-men now? That it?
"Meet the new boss,
same as the old boss."
Sheriff, I just wanted to thank you
for your discretion.
These things can always be handled.
"These things"?
So this has happened before?
You know the deal.
Tomorrow I'll go visit the girl.
She'll put on a show, but ultimately...
...it always comes down to the number in their
mind from the moment they decided to fuck him.
- Yeah? Dern, right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, you need to go somewhere
I can't see you and stay there.
Hey, I mean, come on...
- Hood.
- Hey, hey.
Five-O, that was not cool.
Benny was just doing his job.
What the fuck?
You're under arrest
for rape and aggravated assault.
I'm under arrest?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm under arrest. All right, yeah.
Come and get me.
Sheriff.
Gotta watch me.
That is cute. I like that.
Looks like you're not too smart after all.
This what you wanna do?
Ladies and gentlemen, amateur hour.
Let's go.
Come on, sheriff, let's go.
Get up, bitch!
Get out of my way. Move! Move.
Hood.
Get the fuck off of me.
Come on, Champ.
Fuck.
You like hitting little girls?
Huh?
You motherfucker!
Oh. my God!
Hood, enough!
Meet the new boss.
This is Deputy Kelly. We need
an ambulance at the Kinaho Moon Casino.
Sugar here. Come on.
I got you.
All right. Let's walk, hmm?
All right.
So you're just the kind of guy
who makes friends wherever he goes, huh?
- Ha, ha.
- Yeah, it's all right.
- Shit.
- Just open the door.
Come on.
Whoo.
Whoa. I always wanted
to drive one of these.
You cost me a referee gig tonight, brother.
And I could have used the scratch.
Ha. Alrighty.
Here we go.
- What's going on, Kai?
- He in there?
Yeah, but, uh, he's not fit for a visit.
So now you're his gatekeeper?
It's okay, Sugar.
It's all right.
You cost a lot of people
a lot of money tonight.
You cost me a lot of money tonight.
Why don't you take it up with Sanchez.
Can I help you with something, Mr. Proctor?
I always had very good relations
with your predecessors.
Yeah, you bought them.
Sometimes laws need to be bent or broken
for the greater good.
I know you agree with that.
No. No, you know nothing about me.
Well, clearly not as much as I should.
There's a lot you don't know as well.
My family's been here for 160 years.
I've lived here my entire life.
I am this town.
I helped build it and I bled for it.
Have you ever loved anything like that?
I have.
You see, people here don't always approve
of the way I go about things.
But from what I've seen
since you got here...
...you're not very different
from me in that regard.
So what puzzles me is why you seem
to hold me in such contempt.
I have no contempt for you.
I'm just not afraid of you.
I think maybe you're not used to that.
See, you call yourself a businessman...
...and you dress well, you speak well...
...but you're still
nothing but a petty thug.
You've been doing it so long,
you actually think it makes sense...
...to show up here
in the middle of the night...
...and ask me why you can't own me
like you own everyone else.
That makes you delusional...
...which makes you dangerous.
Why would I want to get in bed
with someone like that?
Sheriff, do you know why
they're afraid of me?
Why is that?
Because they should be.
And maybe you should be too.
Why don't you show me why right now?
Nah.
I haven't given up on you just yet.
You have a good night.
You're not understanding me. He's done.
He's done permanently!
The sheriff fucked him up really bad.
I wouldn't have believed it
if I hadn't seen it myself.
No, look, look.
They already arrested him.
I'm cutting my fucking losses.
I never should've come
to this jerkwater town.
I gotta call you back.
- Mr. Dern.
- I'm a little busy here.
I imagine so. I won't waste your time.
I'm here to pick up the satchel.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You were paid an agreed-upon sum of cash
to deliver the fight to the Kinaho Moon.
Clearly, the fight is off.
And while Mr. Proctor does not hold...
...Mr. Sanchez's reckless behavior
against you personally...
...he does expect his money to be returned.
Well, listen to me, little man.
Proctor assured me
that he'd buy us enough time...
...to pay off that little skank,
so he's the one that didn't come through.
And as far as the money...
...tell him it's the
cost of doing business.
And if he knows what's good for him,
he'll leave it at that.
Now I'm gonna go finish packing...
so I can get the fuck out of this shithole!
What are you doing here, asshole?
I told you... What the fuck is that?
Hey, wait. Now, now, don't.
Come on. Just back off.
Hey... Ow! Ahh! Ahh!
Ahh, don't! Stop!